has fast-food gotten healthier
absolutely as fast-food truly turned a
corner to find out I could go back on an
all fast you diet but something tells me
this calls for a different approach I
want to start my own fast-food
restaurant you're crazy
tell me what kind of food the most eaten
animal on the planet chicken I can have
the farm that brings the chickens to the
restaurant that's a good story go forth
and find your chickens
I am your chicken father that is a lot
of chickens my free-range cage-free no
hormones added humanely raised natural
chickens I can get the USDA's skill of
approval sounds wait until we start
realize how much of that is labeling
what's the smallest space we can give
them it would still be 105 as free-range
free-range welcome to your
fluorescent-lit restaurant everywhere
you touch is just greasy and sticky it's
like somebody cleaning the grill with
like cleaning solvent Oh research that's
what this is
welcome to chicken corporate raiding
whoa they've been health washing the
dirty unhealthy truth fresh green herbs
skip health halo the term fried has
evolved to crispy artificial grill marks
you can paint them on with dark food
coloring
how healthy are our sandwiches I think
that answers my question
what if there was a company that was
completely honest with their customers
well why would they do that for people
actually ready for a 100% honest food
experience
[Applause]
[Music]
oh look it's Hollow you can actually put
it on like a mitt and should not be able
to do this with
[Music]